[DataTable] Better prop compatibility and fixing `no-wrap` issue. (#7043)
Shopify/polaris: .changeset/mean-rats-prove.md

---
'@shopify/polaris': minor
---

> Fixed issue where DataTable cells would not wrap into multiple lines. `truncate` prop can now be used without `fixedFirstColumns`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed `DataTable` cell content not wrapping when the `truncate` prop is `false`
- Added support for setting the `DataTable` `truncate` prop without having to set the `fixedFirstColumns` prop
```

Author: Chloe, I refrained from doing bullets here because they always end up looking strange in the Changelog. I think having it two sentences looks better.

<img width="938" alt="Screen Shot 2022-08-30 at 10 05 21 AM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4960217/187458322-533a080d-34c2-4e99-aadf-13bb2f5212c2.png">

Author: Looking at this, I could probably do one sentence and then have bullets underneath. Will do that.
